[FLINK-18950][python][docs] Add documentation for Operations in Python DataStream API. (#13230)
apache/flink: docs/dev/python/user-guide/datastream/operations.md

> ---

Author: Thank you, I will rename it to align with the title.

under the License.
-->

Operators transform one or more DataStreams into a new DataStream. Programs can combine multiple transformations into 
sophisticated dataflow topologies.

This section give a description of the basic transformations Python DataStream API provides, the effective physical 
partitioning after applying those as well as insights into Flink's operator chaining.

* This will be replaced by the TOC
{:toc}

# DataStream Transformations

DataStream programs in Flink are regular programs that implement transformations on data streams (e.g., mapping, 
filtering, reducing). Please see [operators]({% link dev/stream/operators/index.md %}
?code_tab=python) for an overview of the available stream transformations in Python DataStream API.

# Functions
Most operators require a user-defined function. The following will describe different ways of how they can be specified.

## Implementing Function Interfaces
Function interfaces for different operations are provided in Python DataStream API. Users can implement a Function and 
pass it to the corresponding operation. Take MapFunction for instance:
<p>
{% highlight python %}

> # Implement a MapFunction that return plus one value of input value.

Reviewer: return -> returns

class MyMapFunction(MapFunction):
    
    def map(value):
        return value + 1
        
data_stream = env.from_collection([1, 2, 3, 4, 5],type_info=Types.INT())
mapped_stream = data_stream.map(MyMapFunction(), output_type=Types.INT())
{% endhighlight %}
</p>
<span class="label label-info">Note</span> In Python DataStream API, users are able to defined the output type information of the operation. If not 

> defined, the output type will be `Types.PICKLED_BYTE_ARRAY` that data will be in a form of byte array generated by 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
defined, the output type will be `Types.PICKLED_BYTE_ARRAY` so that data will be in a form of byte array generated by 
```

> pickle seriallizer. For more detail, please refer to [DataTypes]({% link dev/python/user-guide/datastream/data_types.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
pickle seriallizer. For more details on the `Pickle Serialization`
, you can refer to [DataTypes]({% link dev/python/user-guide/datastream/data_types.md
```

>  %}).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 %}#pickle-serialization).
```

## Lambda Functions
As shown in previous examples, all operations can also accept a lambda function for describing the operation:
<p>
{% highlight python %}
data_stream = env.from_collection([1, 2, 3, 4, 5],type_info=Types.INT())
mapped_stream = data_stream.map(lambda x: x + 1, output_type=Types.INT())
{% endhighlight %}
</p>

> <span class="label label-info">Note</span> Operations ConnectedStream.map() and ConnectedStream.flat_map() are

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<span class="label label-info">Note</span> The operations of map and flat_map in ConnectedStream only support accepting function interface
```
